Apple (AAPL) launches its iOS 18.2 update today. Some features in the update include ChatGPT integration into Siri and creating your own emojis. Creative Strategies CEO and Principal Analyst Ben Bajarin sits down with Asking for a Trend Anchor Josh Lipton to talk about how the new iOS update could impact iPhone demands and sales. "I think the super cycle term gets thrown around," says Bajarin. "I mean, I'm just still of the strong conviction that hardware changes, design changes drive those super cycles, not software. I do still think this is going to be a stronger-than-normal upgrade cycle only because we've known that this is an aging base." Bajarin went out to talk about the partnership between Apple and Sam Altman's OpenAI, the company that develops ChatGPT. "I think OpenAI, they're not Google. In no way, shape, or form are they brand-recognized or used as much as Google," says Bajarin. "So you could see the differences of this deal between a Google for search and ChatGPT and OpenAI for other features." Watch the video above to hear Bajarin's full take on Apple's iOS update. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Asking for a Trend here. This post was written by Daniel A. Nelson
The Magnificent Seven stocks represent 33% of the entire S&P 500's market cap. Click here to read more about Mag 7 stocks through charts.
Apple launches iOS 18.2 bringing Apple Intelligence features to new iPhone models, including ChatGPT integration, Genmoji, Image Playground, and Visual Intelligence. In other AI news, ChatGPT maker OpenAI unveils its AI video generation tool, Sora. Yahoo Finance Tech Editor Dan Howley joins Market Domination Host Julie Hyman to break down the latest in the tech space. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination here. This post was written by Naomi Buchanan.
Apple is currently trading with a very low implied volatility (IV) rank.  This means options are cheap compared to the last 12 months.  Similar to this idea from a few weeks ago on Palantir Technologies, Apple stock could either continue its upward momentum, or suffer a pullback.
George Soros' 13F portfolio value rose from $5.57B to $6.92B in Q3 2024, with 177 positions. Learn more about the trades and holdings in Q3.
“I’m proud to be a micromanager for what a customer sees, feels, and hears,” Mickey Drexler said.
ChatGPT, OpenAI’s text-generating AI chatbot, has taken the world by storm since its launch in November 2022. What started as a tool to hyper-charge productivity through writing essays and code with short text prompts has evolved into a behemoth used by more than 92% of Fortune 500 companies. That growth has propelled OpenAI itself into becoming one of the most-hyped companies in recent memory. And its latest partnership with Apple for its upcoming generative AI offering, Apple Intelligence, has
While Bloomberg Intelligence is forecasting the Magnificent Seven's earnings growth — Meta Platforms (META), Microsoft (MSFT), Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA) — to drop from 2024's 34% to 18% in 2025, will the group of tech stocks be as pivotal for the S&P 500 (^GSPC) in the new year? "They're obviously important for the market, but they're not critical for the market's success. And we see signs that earnings growth is set to broaden out as we head into 2025," J.P. Morgan Private Bank US Head of Investment Strategy Jake Manoukian tells Seana Smith and Brad Smith on the Morning Brief. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. ]This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
Omnicom  Group will acquire  Interpublic Group  in a deal that will create the world’s largest advertising business, the companies confirmed Monday.  A combined entity would have net revenue of more than $20 billion, based on 2023 figures for each company, and include storied ad agencies such as TBWA Worldwide and McCann Worldgroup.  The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday that the companies were in advanced merger talks.
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook has shared insights on the company’s future, touching on the iPhone 16’s new camera button, Vision Pro sales, and AirPods’ evolution. What Happened: In an interview with WIRED published on Wednesday, Cook was asked about the decision to add a physical button to the iPhone 16 for camera control—a stark departure from Steve Jobs' aversion to buttons. Cook replied, "I don't know what Steve would have thought," but believed the change was essential for improving
Apple Stock Surges to New Heights, Cementing $3.73 Trillion Market Leadership
As the S&P 500's (^GSPC) Magnificent Seven — Meta Platforms (META) Microsoft (MSFT) Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA) — could see its profit growth slow from 34% to 18% in 2025, Bloomberg Intelligence reports the healthcare sector could take the lead. Yahoo Finance host Madison Mills joins the Morning Brief to break down Bloomberg Intelligence's latest earnings growth estimates. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
Apple Inc. Q4 earnings report showed some unevenness and has led to lukewarm reviews from analysts. Click here to read an analysis of AAPL stock now.
The BNY Mellon Worldwide Growth Fund underperformed the MSCI World Index in the third quarter of 2024. Read more here.
Apple (AAPL) is the best-managed company in the U.S., according to a new ranking by The Wall Street Journal.
The Nasdaq is closing in on 20,000 but is starting to get extended. Nvidia fell as China launched a probe of the AI giant.
We recently compiled a list of the 15 AI News Updates That Broke The Internet. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stands against the other AI stocks that broke the Internet recently. With Trump taking in the reigns soon, steps toward overhauling the US policy have begun. […]
Dow Jones Stocks: Apple Rallies To New Highs; Nvidia Sells Off To Key Support Level
BNY Mellon Research Growth Fund (Class A at NAV) underperformed its benchmark, the Russell 1000Â® Growth Index, during the third quarter of 2024. Read more here.
It's been another wonderful year for Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) investors.  The hope for Apple bulls is that there's another strong showing on the horizon.  It has been 17 years since Apple first released the iPhone, which might be the single greatest product launch ever.
The move forms part of the company’s three-year strategy to replace Qualcomm components by 2027.
The brand will begin opening the first flagship Apple Store locations in Saudi Arabia from 2026.
Institutional Class shares of Columbia Seligman Technology and Information Fund returned 1.04% for the third quarter of 2024. Click here to read the full commentary.  
Institutional Class shares of Columbia Seligman Global Technology Fund returned 1.00% for the third quarter of 2024. Click here to read the full commentary.  
Copyright © BusinessAMBE 2023Key takeawaysiOS 18.2 update brings advanced AI features for eligible iPhone models.Genmojis and Image Playground have been added, with personalized animated...
