Asking for a Trend's Josh Lipton checks out the top trending stocks in the after-hours trading session. Toll Brothers (TOL) stock slips despite topping fiscal fourth quarter estimates. Pharma giant Eli Lilly (LLY) announces a $15 billion share buyback program. Amazon (AMZN) is partnering with Intuit QuickBooks (INTU) to allow its third-party sellers access to their sales and inventory data on the program. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Asking for a Trend here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
The Magnificent Seven stocks represent 33% of the entire S&P 500's market cap. Click here to read more about Mag 7 stocks through charts.
The Dow Jones, S&P 500 and Nasdaq held onto losses Monday afternoon. Amazon.com stock halted its rally, as shares reversed and slid.
Just five companies are set to grab more than half of global advertising revenue. The rise of Big Tech is seen behind a big ad agency merger.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif., December 09, 2024--Intuit Inc. (NASDAQ: INTU) and Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced a multi-year strategic partnership to empower millions of Amazon sellers to manage their finances, stay compliant, access capital, and grow their business. By leveraging Intuit’s AI-driven expert platform, millions of Amazon sellers will be able to discover and access Intuit’s platform seamlessly, benefiting from powerful financial insights like profitability, cash flow, and estimated t
Shares of chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD) fell 5.4% in Monday trading, as of 2 p.m. ET.  The semiconductor stock fell today on the heels of an analyst downgrade from a Wall Street sell-side analyst, capping off a difficult few trading days for the artificial intelligence (AI) hopeful.  Today, Bank of America analyst Vivek Arya downgraded AMD to neutral from buy, while lowering his price target from $180 to $155.
Learn about some of the most unique and remote locations around the globe where Amazon delivers to customers-and the incredible people and partners powering those deliveries. [...]This is an...
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Autonomous Driving Stocks To Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against the other best autonomous driving stocks to buy. The vision of fleets of driverless cars seamlessly transporting passengers has captivated […]
George Soros' 13F portfolio value rose from $5.57B to $6.92B in Q3 2024, with 177 positions. Learn more about the trades and holdings in Q3.
Britain said on Tuesday it would soon make online marketplaces such as Amazon and eBay pay more towards the cost of recycling waste electrical items from toasters to hair curlers. The...
While Bloomberg Intelligence is forecasting the Magnificent Seven's earnings growth — Meta Platforms (META), Microsoft (MSFT), Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA) — to drop from 2024's 34% to 18% in 2025, will the group of tech stocks be as pivotal for the S&P 500 (^GSPC) in the new year? "They're obviously important for the market, but they're not critical for the market's success. And we see signs that earnings growth is set to broaden out as we head into 2025," J.P. Morgan Private Bank US Head of Investment Strategy Jake Manoukian tells Seana Smith and Brad Smith on the Morning Brief. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. ]This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
Amazon (AMZN) could produce exceptional returns because of its solid growth attributes.
Amazon ranks fourth on the S&P 500, boasting a market cap of $2.38 trillion.
Omnicom  Group will acquire  Interpublic Group  in a deal that will create the world’s largest advertising business, the companies confirmed Monday.  A combined entity would have net revenue of more than $20 billion, based on 2023 figures for each company, and include storied ad agencies such as TBWA Worldwide and McCann Worldgroup.  The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday that the companies were in advanced merger talks.
Shareholders of Amazon (AMZN) have submitted a proposal to add Bitcoin to the balance sheet. The shareholders of the e-commerce giant are urging the company to learn from MicroStrategy (MSTR), which heavily invested in Bitcoin, resulting in an increase in its share price.
Investing.com -- Rivian Automotive Inc (NASDAQ:RIVN) shares surged more than 13% after Benchmark initiated coverage with a “buy” rating, citing the electric vehicle maker’s strong industry partnerships, robust financial position as key drivers for future growth.
Stocks Near Day's Lows As Nvidia Has Bad Day; Amazon Streak Threatened, Drug Name Plummets (Live Coverage)
As the S&P 500's (^GSPC) Magnificent Seven — Meta Platforms (META) Microsoft (MSFT) Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA) — could see its profit growth slow from 34% to 18% in 2025, Bloomberg Intelligence reports the healthcare sector could take the lead. Yahoo Finance host Madison Mills joins the Morning Brief to break down Bloomberg Intelligence's latest earnings growth estimates. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
The startup Auger raised $100 million in the fall. Now it’s got a founding executive team packed with Amazon veterans.
They finalized a cable distribution deal in which Warner locks in higher fees for its networks and resolves a legal battle over a new “Harry Potter” TV series.
Here is how Amazon (AMZN) and Kura Sushi (KRUS) have performed compared to their sector so far this year.
Based on the average brokerage recommendation (ABR), Amazon (AMZN) should be added to one's portfolio. Wall Street analysts' overly optimistic recommendations cast doubt on the effectiveness of this highly sought-after metric. So, is the stock worth buying?
We recently compiled a list of the 10 Stocks Dominating a Billionaire Quant’s Investment Strategy. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stands against the other stocks that are dominating a billionaire quant’s investment strategy. AQR Capital Management is a global investment management firm, founded by Cliff […]
The BNY Mellon Worldwide Growth Fund underperformed the MSCI World Index in the third quarter of 2024. Read more here.
For tech and AI talent, jobs at financial services companies are more desirable than they have ever been. Banks have been working hard to make it happen.
