The Magnificent Seven stocks represent 33% of the entire S&P 500's market cap. Click here to read more about Mag 7 stocks through charts.
Shares of semiconductor designer Lattice Semiconductor (NASDAQ:LSCC) jumped 7.4% in the afternoon session after the Board of Directors approved a plan for the company to repurchase $100 million more in common stock, showing management's commitment to returning value to shareholders. Since late 2020, Lattice has bought back around 6 million shares, reducing share dilution by 4.3%.
Former Intel CEO Pat Gelsinger took to social media to invite people to pray and fast for the chipmaker's employees, saying the company is going through a "difficult period."
Intel's stock is down nearly 50% in the last year, and a new CEO is essential to restore investor confidence and drive a turnaround. Will new leadership matter? Read our take here.
Intel faces challenges as CEO exit raises uncertainty. Q4 margins to contract, but cost-saving plans in place for growth.
Apple (AAPL) is the best-managed company in the U.S., according to a new ranking by The Wall Street Journal.
Intel should have focused on artificial intelligence rather than trying to become a contract chipmaker, the founder of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co said on Monday, in relation to the recent departure of Intel's CEO.  Morris Chang, at an event to launch his autobiography, said he did not know why Pat Gelsinger left Intel but that it seemed the U.S. firm sought a new strategy as well as a new CEO.  Gelsinger was forced out of Intel earlier this month after directors felt his costly and ambitious plan to turn Intel around was not working and progress was slow, Reuters reported last week.
Intel Corporation's future success relies on technological advancements, strategic partnerships, and government support. Read more on INTC stock update.
Today at the IEEE International Electron Devices Meeting 2024, Intel Foundry unveiled new breakthroughs to help drive the semiconductor industry forward into the next decade and beyond.Intel Foundry...
Prepare for tax-loss selling at year-end by considering selling underperforming stocks like Celanese, Walgreens, and Intel. Explore more details here.
Still down big in today's bull market, these stocks could stage incredible comebacks.
Meet the Small AI Chip Maker Now More Valuable Than Intel
What's New: Today at the IEEE International Electron Devices Meeting 2024, Intel Foundry unveiled new breakthroughs to help drive the semiconductor industry forward into the next decade and beyond....
Elon Musk’s SpaceX is eyeing a tender offer that would value the aerospace company at $350 billion
This week, investors digested bitcoin's rally above $100,000, Intel's leadership shakeup, and monthly jobs data that keeps the Fed on track to cut interest rates.
Every decade seems to create a new wave of growth stocks that benefit from the latest trends in the economy.  The last 20 years have created tremendous wealth for investors who jumped early on the growth of e-commerce (Amazon), streaming video (Netflix), and electric cars (Tesla).  Artificial intelligence (AI) has the makings of the next wealth-building opportunity in the stock market.
Intel, Starbucks and Nike are just some of the companies that have changed leaders in a record year for CEO changes.
What’s in store for the U.S. housing market in 2025?
In the closing of the recent trading day, Intel (INTC) stood at $20.92, denoting a +0.58% change from the preceding trading day.
It was another big week for the markets. Here is a recap of some of the biggest news for the week of December 2. Bitcoin (BTC-USD) topped $100,000 for the first time. Part of the reason for the surge was enthusiasm over President-elect Trump's pick of Paul Atkins to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission. Hear more from: MicroStrategy executive chairman Michael Saylor The Digital Chamber Founder Perianne Boring Senator Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY) Former Chair of the FDIC Sheila Bair Intel (INTC) announced on Monday that CEO Pat Gelsinger was retiring effective December 1. The company's shares have been pummeled as investors view the chip company as falling behind in the AI race. Get reaction from: Bloomberg Intelligence senior tech industry analyst Mandeep Singh Citi head of US semiconductor research Christopher Danely Futurum Group research director Olivier Blanchard The US added 227,000 jobs in November. The unemployment rate ticked higher, however, to 4.2%. The report fueled investor hopes for a Fed rate cut later this month. Hear expert reaction from: Interactive Brokers chief strategist Steve Sosnick and Citi senior global economist Robert Sockin US Department of Labor Acting Secretary Julie Su For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here.
We recently published a list of 14 AI News and Ratings That Wall Street Is Watching. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) stands against other AI news and ratings that Wall Street is watching. The United States government recently announced fresh curbs targeting the chip industry […]
Intel Corporation's abrupt CEO removal prompts concerns about company direction and execution, leading to a sell downgrade. Click for my INTC stock update.
Pat Gelsinger Exits Intel Amid Lagging Chip Market Recovery
Intel Corp. stock outperforms competitors on strong trading day
(Bloomberg) -- Things were already looking bad for Intel Corp. shares this year. But the chipmaker’s sudden ouster of its chief executive officer has led to even more investors throwing in the towel.Most Read from BloombergNYC’s Run-Down Bus Terminal Gets Approval for $10 Billion RevampKansas City Looks Back on its Long, Costly Ride With MicrotransitAs Wars Rage, Cities Face a Dark New Era of Urban DestructionThe stock is on track for its worst week in three months after Intel abruptly announced
