Tokyo stocks rose Tuesday morning as a weaker yen lifted exporters, but gains were trimmed by selling of some semiconductor-related shares linked to Nvidia Corp. after reports that China has opened a...
The Magnificent Seven stocks represent 33% of the entire S&P 500's market cap. Click here to read more about Mag 7 stocks through charts.
Texas Pacific Land's recent stock surge is not sustainable, with valuation metrics indicating a potential 70% downside ahead. Learn more about TPL stock here.
Nvidia Corporation's Q3 2025 earnings report highlights exceptional growth and strong financial health, making it a strong buy. Click for more on NVDA stock.
-- China has opened a probe into Nvidia over suspicions that the US chipmaker broke anti-monopoly laws around a 2020 deal, taking aim at the AI heavyweight as Washington ramps up sanctions. ...
The Dow Jones and S&P 500 were little changed Monday. Nvidia stock sank on a China probe while Palantir popped on the stock market today.
Stocks Near Day's Lows As Nvidia Has Bad Day; Amazon Streak Threatened, Drug Name Plummets (Live Coverage)
Nvidia stock dropped on Monday after China's market regulator launched an investigation into the AI chipmaker.
Shares of Nvidia slid early Monday after China said it is investigating the high-flying U.S. microchip company over suspected violations of Chinese anti-monopoly laws.  In a brief press release with few details, Chinese regulators appear to be focusing on Nvidia's $6.9 billion acquisition of network and data transmission company Mellanox in 2019.  Nvidia shares dipped 2.5% in morning trading Monday, falling below $140 each.
Nvidia (NVDA) shares are trading lower after news that China has opened an antitrust probe into the artificial intelligence (AI) chip maker. The company is also facing a US antitrust investigation. The Futurum Group CEO Daniel Newman joins Morning Brief with Seana Smith and Brad Smith to discuss his read on the probe and what it means for Nvidia as well as US-China trade relations. "Nobody should be surprised to hear about an ongoing set of probes against Nvidia, especially coming from China," Newman says, explaining there are "two sides to this one:" the "ongoing microaggressions that exist between Chinese and US firms" and "China [continuing] to struggle to keep up with the most leading edge advanced AI chip" so "they probably want to do what they can to slow US firms down." The US has limited the export of semiconductors to China to minimize China's access to advanced chips. President-elect Donald Trump has said he plans to enforce a 60% tariff on Chinese goods. "I think what we have here is really more of a macro geopolitical strain than a real problem, but Nvidia is so successful that they're going to get probed by every regulator in the world over the next few years." To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. This post was written by Naomi Buchanan.
As the S&P 500's (^GSPC) Magnificent Seven — Meta Platforms (META) Microsoft (MSFT) Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG), Amazon (AMZN), Apple (AAPL), Nvidia (NVDA), Tesla (TSLA) — could see its profit growth slow from 34% to 18% in 2025, Bloomberg Intelligence reports the healthcare sector could take the lead. Yahoo Finance host Madison Mills joins the Morning Brief to break down Bloomberg Intelligence's latest earnings growth estimates. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
Nvidia faces scrutiny over Mellanox deal, as Beijing investigates compliance with fair-treatment guarantees for Chinese firms
Nvidia (NVDA) is under investigation for allegedly violating anti-monopoly laws in China.
Nvidia took a hit early Monday after news of a fresh probe in China.  Nvidia stock fell 2% and below a buy point of 140.76 in the opening minutes of trading.  China's State Administration for Market Regulation is investigating whether Nvidia has violated its antimonopoly laws.
Regulators target Nvidia's $6.9B Mellanox deal amid rising U.S.-China trade tensions and tech sector scrutiny.
China Targets Nvidia with Antitrust Investigation Amid U.S. Chip Restrictions
Oppenheimer Is Now the Biggest Bull on Wall Street. Thank AI.
Beijing opened the investigation a week after the U.S. placed additional export controls on China’s access to high-end semiconductors.
Nvidia shares decline as China opens probe into AI chip heavyweight amid escalating chip war between Beijing and Washington.
A Chinese antitrust probe into Nvidia and looming consumer inflation data are in focus to start the week.
When it comes to market capitalization, Nvidia is currently the second-biggest public company in the world, behind Apple. That’s why all eyes are on Nvidia these days. And now, as Bloomberg spotted, China Central Television, a public TV broadcaster, is reporting that China’s market regulator has opened a probe into Nvidia’s acquisition of Mellanox. If that name doesn’t sound familiar, in 2019, Nvidia spent nearly $7 billion to acquire Mellanox, an Israel-based company working on high-performance
US stock futures (ES=F, NQ=F, YM=F) dip Monday morning upon reports that Chinese officials have opened an investigation into Nvidia (NVDA) over allegedly breaking anti-monopoly laws. November's Consumer Price Index (CPI) is due out this Wednesday, December 11, a major set of inflation data ahead of the Federal Reserve's last FOMC meeting of 2024 next week. In an interview with NBC's Meet The Press, President-elect Donald Trump said he does not intend to replace or remove Fed Chair Jerome Powell in his coming administration. Powell's term is currently set to expire in May 2026. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Morning Brief here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
(Bloomberg) -- China has opened a probe into Nvidia Corp. over suspicions that the US chipmaker broke anti-monopoly laws around a 2020 deal, taking aim at the AI heavyweight as Washington ramps up sanctions.Most Read from BloombergA Chicago Skyscraper Cements the Legacy of a Visionary Postmodern ArchitectNYC’s Run-Down Bus Terminal Gets Approval for $10 Billion RevampBrace for a Nationwide Shuffle of Corporate HeadquartersKansas City Looks Back on its Long, Costly Ride With MicrotransitThe State
These Stocks Are Moving the Most Today: Super Micro, Tesla, Nvidia, Palantir, AMD, AppLovin, Hershey, Comcast, and More
As China Probes Nvidia, How Trade Battle with the U.S. Could Get a Lot Worse
