The Dow Jones, S&P 500 and Nasdaq held onto losses Monday afternoon. Amazon.com stock halted its rally, as shares reversed and slid.
The Dow Jones, S&P 500 and Nasdaq held onto losses Monday afternoon. Bitcoin related stocks sold off as the price of bitcoin pulled back from recent highs.
Now that bitcoin (BTC-USD) breached the crucial psychological $100K mark, what's next for the cryptocurrency? One investor is confident that it will continue to rise in the coming calendar year. Matt Kohrs, YouTuber and "The Matt Kohrs Show" host, tells Wealth! host Brad Smith that he sees two paths ahead for bitcoin: "It's either the best store of value ever created, or we're looking at another tulip mania that is maybe on the precipice of popping." Kohrs is positive on bitcoin, citing its performance against the U.S. dollar. "Now, in the short term, your guess is as good as mine. We might as well just be flipping a coin. But in the long term, if this idea of a store of value and the US dollar always being devalued, I think bitcoin goes higher and higher." When it comes to the next major milestone for bitcoin, Kohrs says, "I think the next big psychological level in terms of US dollar value will be 250,000, which I want to make clear, I do believe is very possible in the upcoming calendar year." He's less positive when analyzing the fundamentals of GameStop (GME) and other so-called "meme stocks." Kohrs says, "When I look at the entire investable universe, GameStop's not really a top tier one because we don't have much forward direction from the company and the company's leadership at this moment in time." Instead, he suggests these retail investors have more to gain from companies with stronger fundamentals, including Tesla (TSLA) and Palantir (PLTR). For more expert insight and the latest market action, click here to watch this full episode of Wealth. This post was written by Kayla Hawkins.
Palantir stock initially gained then reversed down after the software maker announced an expansion of its contract with the U.S. Special Operations Command.
Stocks Near Day's Lows As Nvidia Has Bad Day; Amazon Streak Threatened, Drug Name Plummets (Live Coverage)
C3.ai Reports Smaller-Than-Expected Loss. The Stock Jumps.
Palantir (PLTR) shares gain after the company announced a partnership with Anduril Industries to advance artificial intelligence (AI) for defense use. Seana Smith and Madison Mills break down what investors need to know. Watch Josh Lipton's recent interview with Anduril co-Founder and CEO Brian Schimpf at Yahoo Finance Invest, here To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here. This post was written by Naomi Buchanan.
Palantir Strengthens Government Partnership. The Stock Trades Lower.
The contract will facilitate the deployment of its multi-vendor development ecosystem and the Ontology  Software  (ETR:SOWGn) Development Kit, streamlining software deployment in challenging operational environments, Palantir said in a statement.  A key component of this expanded partnership is the deployment of Palantir’s Mission Manager software to SOF units for the first time.
DENVER, December 09, 2024--Palantir Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: PLTR) today announced an expansion of its contract with the U.S. Special Operations Command (USSOCOM) to deliver technology solutions in support of enterprise capabilities. The one-year delivery is valued at $36.8 million and establishes Palantir as the lead software integrator for USSOCOM’s Mission Command System (MCS) while expanding the technology solutions supporting U.S. Special Operations Forces (SOF) globally.
Palantir announced Monday that it has extended its contract with the US Special Forces, winning a $36.8 million contract to provide AI-related functionality.The agreement with the United States...
The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Monday.
Bitcoin over $100k, market rotation, and elevated consumer sentiment point to an acceleration of new AI and crypto trends in 2025. Consumer Discretionary and Risk-On lead S&P 500 sectors.
DENVER - Palantir and Anduril, two leading companies at the intersection of commercial technology and national security, are launching a new consortium to ensure that the U.S. government leads the...
S&P 500 Futures Fall in Premarket Trading; Interpublic Grp, Champion Homes Lead
President-elect Donald Trump's planned U.S. government efficiency drive involving Elon Musk could lead to more joint projects between big defense contractors and smaller tech firms in areas such as...
FAD ETF combines a growth strategy with diversification, but lags popular funds due to low liquidity and high fees. Read why FAD is less compelling.
PLTR stock has jumped 344% in 2024 with much of the gain coming after Trump's election win amid views government AI automation will rise.
The appointment of David Sacks as Donald Trump’s new 'AI and crypto czar' capped a week of wins for the crypto world, putting an advocate for looser regulation of digital assets inside the White House.
A deeper looks shows that despite the growth, some software stocks have gotten ahead of analysts’ price targets.
Quantum computing and algorithmic trading models can enhance portfolio performance across various sectors. Read why strong gains to continue into January.
The two companies said they plan to utilize Anduril’s softwares and systems to secure large-scale data retention and distribution.
How the Nasdaq 100 Remakes Itself Every December
Despite the Sale, Sankar Retains 752,786 Shares and Plans to Sell More Under Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan
Yahoo Finance host Akiko Fujita highlights three of this morning's top stories and trending stocks. Palantir (PLTR) shares are rising after signing a new AI partnership with defense contractor Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH). Shopify (SHOP) gets an upgrade to a Buy rating from Loop Capital Markets analysts. Uber (UBER) will team up with Chinese robotaxi operator WeRide in a move to expand services to Abu Dhabi in 2025. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
