Target Corp. stock outperforms competitors on strong trading day
The holiday shopping season is progressing on a strong note, with record sales on Black Friday & Cyber Monday. Find out an earnings review of the retail sector.
Looking back on large-format grocery & general merchandise retailer stocks’ Q3 earnings, we examine this quarter’s best and worst performers, including Costco (NASDAQ:COST) and its peers.
One way to judge how satisfied consumers are with a company’s products or services is to ask them—opinions typically gleaned by conducting surveys or convening panels.  Devised by the research firm ROI Rocket, this new metric, a “digital positioning score,” looks at the amount of activity a company realizes over time, as compared with its industry peers, across four channels: search, traffic on its website (or sites), social media and any apps it has.  When things are popping online, it’s “indicative of how people view a brand,” says Rod Fertig, ROI Rocket’s chief data officer.
In the last year, many Target Corporation ( NYSE:TGT ) insiders sold a substantial stake in the company which may have...
Target (NYSE: TGT) missed the mark for shareholders with a disappointing third-quarter earnings report.  Comparable sales from the retail giant grew just 0.3% year over year for the period ended Nov. 2, while adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $1.85 fell well below the company's guidance range of $2.10 to $2.40.  The headline numbers may not inspire much confidence, but a deeper look highlights plenty of positives for investors to consider.
Stay updated on dividend activity with a weekly summary for Dividend Champions, Contenders, and Challengers, including changes and upcoming dates.
Walmart Stock, Costco Roar As They Create Amazon-Like Businesses
Target Corp. stock underperforms Friday when compared to competitors despite daily gains
Hormel Foods Corporation faces growth challenges despite being a dividend king. Learn why HRL stock is downgraded and less attractive than other retail options.
Recently, Zacks.com users have been paying close attention to Target (TGT). This makes it worthwhile to examine what the stock has in store.
The book, which offers a behind-the-scenes look at Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour, is the highest-selling Week 1 New Release book of 2024 to date MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 6, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Target...
Fiserv, Inc. is positioned for growth with solid performance, international expansion, and Fed rate cuts expected to benefit small businesses. Click for more on FI.
Looking back on large-format grocery & general merchandise retailer stocks’ Q3 earnings, we examine this quarter’s best and worst performers, including BJ's (NYSE:BJ) and its peers.
"If they raised the price on that [sweater], are you buying it?" BMO Capital Markets senior analyst Simeon Siegel posed to Yahoo Finance Executive Editor Brian Sozzi on Opening Bid. "If it doubles, will you?" to which Sozzi answered an unequivocal 'no.' Well, that is the reality that retail products might face should Trump's 25% tariffs go into effect, Siegel explained. "I think the question is if prices are raised because of tariffs—or if prices are raised because the company thinks they can just charge more. It's not how life works. The consumer dictates." The consumer will bear the burden of the price or decide if they're not willing to. For full episodes of Opening Bid, watch on our website or listen on your favorite podcast platform. This post was written by Rachael Lewis-Krisky, producer for Opening Bid.
We recently published a list of 10 Best Retail Stocks To Invest In. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Target Corp (NYSE:TGT) stands against the other best retail stocks to invest in. What Does the Holiday Shopping Season Look Like? On December 2, Lindsey Bell, Chief Strategist at 248 […]
Target Corp. stock underperforms Thursday when compared to competitors
Costco and Walmart stock have outrun many top tech peers in a complex consumer environment, and with Amazon clearing in Walmart's e-commerce sights.
The lawsuit argued that Target’s “DEI/ESG mandates” had a “known risk of adverse customer reactions,” and should have therefore been disclosed in investor statements.
Needham analyst Laura Martin keeps a Buy rating on Roku (ROKU) with a $100 price target after Walmart (WMT) closed its $2.3B acquisition of Vizio. Walmart will now “fast follow” Amazon (AMZN) and create a better retail media network by tying Vizio’s connected TV ads to Walmart’s online and offline sales, the analyst tells investors in a research note. Needham expects Roku to be taken out at a “big premium” in 2025, when Republicans control the Washington D.C. regulatory agencies. There are sever
Needham analyst Laura Martin keeps a Buy rating on Roku (ROKU) with a $100 price target after Walmart (WMT) closed its $2.3B acquisition of Vizio. Walmart will now “fast follow” Amazon (AMZN) and create a better retail media network by tying Vizio’s connected TV ads to Walmart’s online and offline sales, the analyst tells investors in a research note. Needham expects Roku will be purchased for a “large premium within the next 12 months.” There are several categories of potential purchasers inclu
Target (NYSE: TGT) and Walmart (NYSE: WMT) are top retail stocks that can give investors a good way to invest in the economy's long-term growth.  This year, Walmart has been the clear winner in terms of sheer stock performance, generating year-to-date returns of around 75% versus a 9% decline for Target, at the time of this writing.  While Target is vastly underperforming Walmart today, that may not necessarily be the case for the next 10-plus years, which is how long dividend investors may be thinking about holding on to an investment.
The Q3 2024 reporting season was, by one measure, the best in three years. Read more here.
