We recently compiled a list of the 10 Best Autonomous Driving Stocks To Buy According to Hedge Funds. In this article, we are going to take a look at where Uber Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:UBER) stands against the other best autonomous driving stocks to buy. The vision of fleets of driverless cars seamlessly transporting passengers has […]
George Soros' 13F portfolio value rose from $5.57B to $6.92B in Q3 2024, with 177 positions. Learn more about the trades and holdings in Q3.
With JOBY's stock price moving north, driven by the buzz around the eVTOL market, we assess its investment worthiness at current levels.
Serve Robotics is small, but it's growing extremely fast.
Abu Dhabi, UAE - Uber Technologies, Inc. , the world's largest mobility and delivery technology platform, and WeRide , the world's first publicly listed Robotaxi company and a global leader in...
Stay informed on key market events with Seeking Alpha's Wall Street Week Ahead.
A Wall Street analyst defended Uber and Lyft shares on Friday after the stocks posted steep declines on Thursday.
Yahoo Finance host Akiko Fujita highlights three of this morning's top stories and trending stocks. Palantir (PLTR) shares are rising after signing a new AI partnership with defense contractor Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH). Shopify (SHOP) gets an upgrade to a Buy rating from Loop Capital Markets analysts. Uber (UBER) will team up with Chinese robotaxi operator WeRide in a move to expand services to Abu Dhabi in 2025. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Wealth here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
Ride-hailing stalwart Uber is in focus this week, as robotaxi challenges from Waymo and others may cut into its future prospects.
Uber Technologies Inc. stock rises Friday, outperforms market
The Smart Ordering product can handle 100% of incoming phone orders, address common queries regarding the menu and much more.
(Bloomberg) -- Lyft Inc. is asking its customers in Chicago to urge the city’s council to reject a proposed tax on rideshares in the downtown zone during the weekend, marking the latest hurdle as Mayor Brandon Johnson races to close a nearly $1 billion deficit by year-end.Most Read from BloombergNYC’s Run-Down Bus Terminal Gets Approval for $10 Billion RevampKansas City Looks Back on its Long, Costly Ride With MicrotransitAs Wars Rage, Cities Face a Dark New Era of Urban DestructionA proposed or
Whether you're a value, growth, or momentum investor, finding strong stocks becomes easier with the Zacks Style Scores, a top feature of the Zacks Premium research service.
On Friday, U.S. ride-hailing giant Uber Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:UBER) and Chinese Robotaxi company WeRide Inc. (NASDAQ:WRD) announced the launch of their ride-hailing partnership in Abu Dhabi. The launch represents the first time autonomous vehicles (AVs) are available on the Uber platform outside the U.S. and the largest commercial robotaxi service outside the U.S. and China. UAE national transport company Tawasul Transport will act as the fleet operator. Also Read: Intel Interim Co-Chief Expe
Uber is undervalued, trading at 28 times '25 earnings. Check out why I think Uber shares could more than double by 2025 and what makes it my top pick for 2025.
A Mexican labor reform for drivers and delivery workers using applications like Uber, Didi and Rappi appears to be ready to be pushed through both chambers of the legislature next week. ...
The latest investor updates on stocks that are trending on Friday.
The partnership aims to reduce delivery costs, widen delivery areas and utilise Uber's network for local order deliveries.
Uber Launches First International Robotaxis, Shares Regain Some Ground
Ride-hail giant Uber and Chinese autonomous vehicle technology company WeRide have launched a commercial robotaxi service in Abu Dhabi. The launch marks Uber’s first international autonomous vehicle offering. Uber has been snatching up partnerships with autonomous vehicle companies across sectors, including ride-hail, delivery, and trucking. Other partners include Wayve, Serve Robotics, Aurora Innovation, Waabi, and others. Still, investors are wary that incumbents like Uber won’t be able to com
Uber Technologies announces the launch of an autonomous mobility service in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, as part of its strategic partnership announced last September with WeRide, a leader in...
Autonomous competition may be creeping.
Uber has 30 days to require certain drivers to get fingerprinted if the ride-hail giant intends to continue transporting unaccompanied teens in California. The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) issued a ruling Thursday that requires taxi and ride-hail drivers who are carrying unaccompanied minors in the state to pass a fingerprint background check. The ruling also requires transport companies to pay for the cost of those background checks. Uber has a history of fighting back against
Google said it is bringing its Waymo self-driving taxis to Miami, news that sent Uber and Lyft stock prices lower as investors weighed the risk to their services.
The driverless ride-hailing platform says it will bring its vehicles to Miami early next year. It aims to offer services for customers in 2026.
