New York prosecutors charged Luigi Mangione with murder on Monday evening, according to court documents. The 26-year-old was arrested on firearms charges after being spotted in a McDonald's in Pennsylvania.
An arrest has been made in the fatal shooting of UnitedHealthcare (UNH) CEO Brian Thompson, which NYPD investigators deemed to be "a pre-meditated, pre-planned, targeted attack." Suspect Luigi Mangione, 26 years old, was arrested in Altoona, PA, with a firearm believed to be "consistent with" the one used in last week's shooting. Julie Hyman reports the breaking news surrounding the details of Magione's arrest. To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Market Domination Overtime here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
Police arrested a 26-year-old man on firearms charges, calling him a "strong" person of interest in last week's killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, New York Police Department Commissioner Jessica Tisch said Monday.
STORY: Authorities on Monday arrested Luigi Mangione - the man suspected of killing UnitedHealth executive Brian Thompson in a brazen shooting outside a Manhattan hotel last week - ending a massive...
Shares of UnitedHealth, Centene, Elevance Health and CVS Health have witnessed significant declines since last Wednesday.
Jury finds the architecture student not guilty of a homicide charge for choking Jordan Neely on a New York City train.
In the end, the big break turned out to be a pair of images at a New York hostel. New York police scoured hundreds of hours of video searching for clues to the identity of the person who...
NEW YORK — After days of searching through security footage, following up on a deluge of tips and even sending scuba divers to the bottom of a lake, police on Monday announced the arrest of a...
Health insurance stocks remain under pressure after the shooting of UnitedHealthcare executive Brian Thompson last week. Oscar Health CEO, and former Aetna CEO, Mark Bertolini reacts.
Health-care companies rose as traders rotated into defensive sectors due to economic uncertainty. A 26-year-old suspect in the killing of UnitedHealth executive Brian Thompson, Luigi Mangione, was...
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated faces risks from public pressure and policy changes, making it a questionable investment choice. Read why UNH stock is a Sell.
Police arrested a “strong person of interest” Monday in the brazen Manhattan killing of UnitedHealthcare’s CEO after a quick-thinking McDonald’s employee in Pennsylvania alerted authorities to...
Officials confirmed Monday that 26-year-old Luigi Mangione is in custody and being questioned in north-central Pennsylvania as an active suspect in the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian...
After UnitedHealthcare (UNH) CEO Brian Thompson was fatally shot in New York City last week, various health insurance providers have removed executives' biography pages from the corporate websites. NYPD investigators have found this shooting to be "a pre-meditated, pre-planned, targeted attack" as the manhunt for the assailant continues. This incident has sparked conversations among Americans, voicing outrage about their negative experiences with insurance providers and broader faults in the American healthcare system. Oscar Health (OSCR) CEO Mark Bertolini sits down with Seana Smith, Madison Mills, and Anjalee Khemlani on Yahoo Finance's Catalysts, addressing some of the various frustrations Americans have with the state of the US healthcare system. "Well, the American public exists in a system that was designed 80 years ago after World War II," Bertolini, who also served as the CEO of Aetna from 2010 to 2018, explains: "And I think that system is largely now broken, and it has been broken for some time. I've been an advocate for change for a long time, and believe that we have ways to get it better in this country. And I think it largely starts with making sure our healthcare system meets the needs of individuals, not the needs of groups. And right now, our system in large-part is built around meeting the needs of groups." To watch more expert insights and analysis on the latest market action, check out more Catalysts here. This post was written by Luke Carberry Mogan.
Luigi Mangione identified as person of interest in UnitedHealthcare murder investigation
NEW YORK — Police arrested a “strong person of interest” Monday in the brazen Manhattan killing of UnitedHealthcare's CEO after a quick-thinking McDonald’s employee in Pennsylvania alerted...
Police Name ‘Person of Interest’ in UnitedHealth Killing
Police Identify 26-Year-Old as Person of Interest in Killing of UnitedHealth Executive
NEW YORK — Police arrested a “strong person of interest” Monday in the brazen Manhattan killing of UnitedHealthcare's CEO after a quick-thinking McDonald’s employee in Pennsylvania alerted...
A man in north-central Pennsylvania is being questioned in connection to the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, officials confirmed Monday.In Altoona, police say Luigi Mangione was...
NEW YORK — Police have arrested a 26-year-old man with a weapon consistent with the gun used to kill the head of the largest U.S. health insurer, New York’s police commissioner said Monday. The...
NEW YORK — Police have arrested a 26-year-old with a weapon “consistent with” the gun used in the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, New York City's police commissioner says. ...
NEW YORK — A man being questioned Monday in the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson had writings that appeared to be critical of the health insurance industry, a law enforcement official...
Authorities on Monday were questioning a man in central Pennsylvania in connection with last week's murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson, NBC News and the New York Times reported, citing...
NEW YORK — A man with a gun thought to be similar to the one used in the killing of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson was taken into police custody Monday for questioning in Pennsylvania, a law...
